{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green128\blue56;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c9412\c50196\c21961;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Group Name: Earthlings\
Members: Alpha Ciera Corey Hewan Timorra\
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 1.	Create a directory called PERSCHOLUNIVERSE.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ mkdir PERSCHOLUNIVERSE
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 2.	Enter PERSCHOLUNIVERSE directory.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ cd PERSCHOLUNIVERSE
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 3.	Use the command pwd to make sure you\'92re in the right universe.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ pwd\
/C/Users/hewan/PERSCHOLUNIVERSE\
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 4.	Create 6 directories called space-center, international-astronomical-union, space-x, space-y, space-z, and wannabe-villains.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ mkdir space-center international-astronomical-union space-x space-y space-z wannabe-villains
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 5.	Enter space-center and create files with the following names: ellen, nehemiah, andrew, suresh, rema, richard, tyrell, randi, brittany, and chioma.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ cd space-center\
$ touch ellen nehemiah andrew suresh rema richard tyrell randi brittany chioma\
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 6.	Leave space-center.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ cd ..
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 7.	In the Space Center, your commanders have decided to assign the following perscholastronauts to space-x.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $  # NOP
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 8.	Without entering space-center and space-x,, move richard, tyrell, randi, brittany, and chioma to space-x.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ mv space-center/richard space-center/tyrell space-center/randi space-center/brittany space-center/chioma space-x
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 9.	Make sure to verify they have been moved. Check space-x to see there are only 5 people in there, and 5 people you moved to space-x.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ cd space-x\
$ ls\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\i (missed this output)
\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 10.	The world is going crazy with this mission. All space expedition organizations have decided to come together to complete the mission.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ # NOP
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 11.	The International Astronomical Union was created and have decided to send out the top 10 perscholastronauts into space with space-x. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $  # NOP
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 12.	At this point you should be inside PERSCHOLUNIVERSE. We will travel and enter international-astronomical-union.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ cd international-astronomical-union
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 13.	While inside the IAU, add the following perscholastronauts: sandra, manny, shamaine, maireg, alpha, justin, rockelle, timorra, aleena, yiwen, richard, and ahmed. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ touch sandra manny shamaine maireg alpha justin rockelle timorra aleena yiwen richard ahmed
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 14.	Still inside IAU, transfer sandra, manny, shamaine, maireg, and alpha to space-y. Transfer justin, rockelle, timorra, aleena, yiwen, richard, and ahmed to space-z.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ mv sandra manny shamaine maireg space-y ../space-y\
$ mv justin rockelle timorra aleena yiwen richard ahmed ../space-z\
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 15.	Leave IAU and be back at the PERSCHOLOUNIVERSE directory. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ cd ..
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 16.	Oh no we have a problem! There\'92s nobody at IAU to help the perscholastronauts on their mission. Let\'92s create a file called iau.txt.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ touch iau.txt
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 17.	Run your echo command to send out a distress call to IAU. Create a distress text using the echo command with the text \'93Calling the following perscholastronauts to command IAU: jacob, charles, francis, ciera, corey, dickson, sabrun, and muhammad.\'94 into the iau.txt.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ echo \'93Calling the following perscholastronauts to command IAU: jacob, charles, francis, ciera, corey, dickson, sabrun, and muhammad.\'94 >> iau.txt
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 18.	The commanders at IAU are double checking to make sure the distress call is made properly. Using the cat command, display the previous text inserted inside iau.txt. Once confirmed, move the iau.txt distress call inside international-astronomical-union without entering IAU.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ cat iau.txt\
Calling the following perscholastronauts to command IAU: jacob, charles, francis, ciera, corey, dickson, sabrun, and muhammad.\
$ mv iau.txt international-astronomical-union/\
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 19.	Double check to make sure the distress text file made it inside IAU.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ cd international-astronomical-union\
$ ls\
iau.txt\
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 20.	OH NO! We got some wanna be villains acting out and not wanting anyone to find out whether Pluto is a planet or not. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $  # NOP
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 21.	Enter wannabe-villains directory. Create the following spaceplagiarizers files: sage,tristan, hewan, susmita, and michael.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ cd ..\
$ cd wannabe-villains/\
$ touch sage tristan hewan susmita michael\
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 22.	Leave wannabe-villains.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ cd ..
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 23.	The evil mastermind Sage decided that wannabe is just not striking enough. Change the directory name from wannabe-villains to plutonians.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ mv wannabe-villains plutonians
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 24.	Tristan and Hewan are masters of space technology and have created a weapon that is undetected by human technology. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ 
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 25.	Create a hidden file inside PERSCHOLUNIVERSE called 404yourenotfound. This spacecraft should not be visible to human technology.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ touch .404yourenotfound
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 26.	Susmita and Michael created technology that is able to detect the spacecraft 404yourenotfound. While inside PERSCHOLUNIVERSE, use the special detection technology command ls -a to make sure that 404yourenotfound is out patrolling.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ ls -a\
./   .404yourenotfound  plutonians/     space-x/  space-z/\
../  international-astronomical-union/  space-y/\
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 27.	Back on Earth, commanders Teo and Bryan gave the green light for spaceships x, y, and z to go into space.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $  # NOP
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 28.	OH NO!!! The villains have taken down spaceships y and z with 404yourenotfound. Delete the following spaceships: y and z. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ rm -r space-y space-z
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 29.	The humans don\'92t know what happened. Use the ls command to display how many spaceships are left out in the universe. They should not be able to see 404yourenotfound.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ ls\
international-astronomical-union/  plutonians/  space-center/  space-x/\
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 30.	Good always wins right? space-x was able to escape the attack and made its way to Pluto.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ # NOP
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 31.	They get to Pluto and realize those red patches\'85are cities with advanced alien technology. They also find out that it can no longer be considered a planet because it doesn\'92t have a clear neighborhood in its orbit which nullifies it as a planet. They\'92re ready to take this information back to Earth and to tell the whole world about Plutonians.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ # NOP
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 32.	Enter space-x spaceship.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ cd space-x
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 33.	Inside space-x\'85change\'85the name\'85of..chioma to 500internalservererror.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ mv chioma 500internalservererror
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 34.	Little did they know that 500internalservererror is actually a Plutonian\'85and they have infiltrated Earth to gather information. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $  # NOP
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 35.	500internalservererror had a plan to cause the spaceship to have issues outside of the spacecraft using her advanced technology knowledge. All 5 members were needed to be outside to fix the issues with the spacecraft. While outside 500internalservererror used her special laser power 403forbiddenlaser to delete everyone on board space-x. Remove randi, tyrell, brittany, and richard.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $ mv randi tyrell brittany richard  #.incomplete
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 36.	Space-x makes it way back to Earth. Make sure the only \'93perscholastronaut\'94 inside space-x is suresh aka 500internalservererror.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 37.	Leave space-x directory.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 38.	Move space-x directory inside space-center for landing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 39.	Enter Space center. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 40.	Verify space-x successfully landed inside the Space Center.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 41.	It was time for Chioma to provide the mission report. Create a file called mission-report.txt inside space-center. Using the echo command write the following inside mission-report.txt: \'93I\'92m SOOO sad that my fellow perscholastronauts have perished while fixing issues outside the spacecraft. With the completion of this mission we have determined that the red patches on Pluto are bruises from all the times Earth said it wasn\'92t a planet. Oops, I mean. They\'92re just special red pigmentation from Tholin. Pluto is also too dangerous and should not be considered a planet. We should stop looking at Pluto. Sincerely, 500internalserverror\'85I mean Chioma.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 42.	\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 43.	\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 44.	\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 45.	\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 46.	\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1080\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 47.	Type clear in the terminal. Oh\'85that was an interesting dream - Bryan. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 $
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
}